# Data Model: mos_target_field_parquet


MOS Target Table: field


## Contents
- [Basic Information](#basic-information)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Example DATAFRAME List](#example-dataframe-list)
- [Notes](#notes)
- [Regrets](#regrets)
---

## Basic Information
The table includes the field information, where a field is a unique pointing of the telescope on the sky.

### Naming Convention
$MOS_TARGET/[V_TARG]/[FTYPE]/mos_field.[FTYPE] with FTYPE='parquet' and V_TARG='2.0.0' for DR20.

### Releases
DR20

### Enviroments
MOS_TARGET

### Approximate Size
1 MB

### File Type
PARQUET

### Generated by Product
sdss5db targeting database.

### Is a VAC
False

### Data Level
2.3.3

### DATAFRAME List for release DR20
- Primary data frame.

---

## Changelog
Describes changes to the datamodel product and/or file structure from one release to another

---
## Example DATAFRAME List

### Columns


#### pk

- Column Name: pk
- Description: The primary key. A sequential identifier.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### racen

- Column Name: racen
- Description: The Right Ascension of the center of the field.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Float64


#### deccen

- Column Name: deccen
- Description: The Declination of the center of the field.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Float64


#### version_pk

- Column Name: version_pk
- Description: The primary key of the version in the dr20_version table.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### cadence_pk

- Column Name: cadence_pk
- Description: The primary key of the cadence in the dr20_cadence table.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### observatory_pk

- Column Name: observatory_pk
- Description: The primary key of the observatory in the dr20_observatory table.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### position_angle

- Column Name: position_angle
- Description: The position angle of the field E of N in degrees.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Float32


#### slots_exposures

- Column Name: slots_exposures
- Description: Exposures assigned to each LST and sky brightness slot
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: String


#### field_id

- Column Name: field_id
- Description: The idenifier of a field within a version of the survey plan.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


---
## Notes
None

---
## Regrets
I  have no regrets!