# Data Model: mos_target_hole_parquet


MOS Target Table: hole


## Contents
- [Basic Information](#basic-information)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Example DATAFRAME List](#example-dataframe-list)
- [Notes](#notes)
- [Regrets](#regrets)
---

## Basic Information
The holes in which the positioners sit for the FPS at each observatory.

### Naming Convention
$MOS_TARGET/[V_TARG]/[FTYPE]/mos_hole.[FTYPE] with FTYPE='parquet' and V_TARG='2.0.0' for DR20.

### Releases
DR20

### Enviroments
MOS_TARGET

### Approximate Size
6 KB

### File Type
PARQUET

### Generated by Product
sdss5db targeting database.

### Is a VAC
False

### Data Level
2.3.3

### DATAFRAME List for release DR20
- Primary data frame.

---

## Changelog
Describes changes to the datamodel product and/or file structure from one release to another

---
## Example DATAFRAME List

### Columns


#### pk

- Column Name: pk
- Description: The primary key. A sequential identifier.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### row_num

- Column Name: row_num
- Description: The row of the hole in which the positioner is sitting.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### column_num

- Column Name: column_num
- Description: The column of the hole in which the positioner is sitting.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### holeid

- Column Name: holeid
- Description: The identifier for the hole in which the positioner is sitting.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: String


#### observatory_pk

- Column Name: observatory_pk
- Description: The primary key of the observatory in the dr20_observatory table.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


---
## Notes
None

---
## Regrets
I  have no regrets!