# Data Model: mos_target_carton_to_target_parquet


MOS Target Table: carton_to_target


## Contents
- [Basic Information](#basic-information)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Example DATAFRAME List](#example-dataframe-list)
- [Notes](#notes)
- [Regrets](#regrets)
---

## Basic Information
The table stores the targets assigned to a given carton along with information about the instrument that will observe that target, and offsetting data.

### Naming Convention
$MOS_TARGET/[V_TARG]/[FTYPE]/mos_carton_to_target.[FTYPE] with FTYPE='parquet' and V_TARG='2.0.0' for DR20.

### Releases
DR20

### Enviroments
MOS_TARGET

### Approximate Size
913 MB

### File Type
PARQUET

### Generated by Product
sdss5db targeting database.

### Is a VAC
False

### Data Level
2.3.3

### DATAFRAME List for release DR20
- Primary data frame.

---

## Changelog
Describes changes to the datamodel product and/or file structure from one release to another

---
## Example DATAFRAME List

### Columns


#### carton_to_target_pk

- Column Name: carton_to_target_pk
- Description: The primary key. A sequential identifier.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int64


#### lambda_eff

- Column Name: lambda_eff
- Description: The effective wavelength at which the object will be observed
- Unit: angstrom
- Data Type: Float32


#### carton_pk

- Column Name: carton_pk
- Description: The primary key of the carton in the dr20_carton table.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### target_pk

- Column Name: target_pk
- Description: The primary key of the target in the dr20_target table.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int64


#### cadence_pk

- Column Name: cadence_pk
- Description: The primary key of the cadence in the dr20_cadence table.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### priority

- Column Name: priority
- Description: The target priority. Used for scheduling.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### value

- Column Name: value
- Description: An internal metric of the target value used for scheduling.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Float32


#### instrument_pk

- Column Name: instrument_pk
- Description: The primary key of the instrument in the dr20_instrument table.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### delta_ra

- Column Name: delta_ra
- Description: The RA offset for fibre positioning, in arcsec.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Float64


#### delta_dec

- Column Name: delta_dec
- Description: The Dec offset for fibre positioning, in arcsec.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Float64


#### inertial

- Column Name: inertial
- Description: Whether this is an inertial target (no proper motion will be applied).
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Boolean


---
## Notes
None

---
## Regrets
I  have no regrets!