# Data Model: mos_target_targeting_generation


MOS Target Table: targeting_generation


## Contents
- [Basic Information](#basic-information)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Example HDUS List](#example-hdus-list)
- [Notes](#notes)
- [Regrets](#regrets)
---

## Basic Information
List of SDSS-V targeting generations.

A 'targeting_generation' describes a collection of versioned cartons, together with their robostrategy control parameters. This is a convenient way to describe the specific set of carton-versions that were used (and the way that they were treated) within any particular run of robostrategy.

The dr20_targeting_generation table contains all targeting_generations that were considered for observations in the timespan covered by the dr20 data release. In addition, we include the 'v0.5.3' targeting_generation since this was the version released as part of dr20.

During the initial plate operations phase of SDSS-V, we did not use the robostrategy code to assign fibers to targets. However, for completeness, the 'v0.plates' pseudo-targeting_generation has been reverse engineered in order to describe the set of carton-versions that were considered during that phase.

The dr20_targeting_generation table can be joined to the dr20_carton table via the dr20_targeting_generation_to_carton table. To associate a targeting_generation with a robostrategy plan, join dr20_targeting_generation to dr20_targetdb_version via the dr20_targeting_generation_to_version table.

Taken together, the dr20_targeting_generation, dr20_targeting_generation_to_carton and dr20_targeting_generation_to_version tables duplicate, in a database form, the robostrategy carton configuration information available via the rsconfig product (<a href="https://github.com/sdss/rsconfig)">https://github.com/sdss/rsconfig)</a>.

### Naming Convention
$MOS_TARGET/[V_TARG]/[FTYPE]/mos_targeting_generation.[FTYPE] with FTYPE='fits' and V_TARG='2.0.0' for DR20.

### Releases
DR18, DR19, DR20

### Enviroments
MOS_TARGET

### Approximate Size
8 KB

### File Type
FITS

### Generated by Product
sdss5db targeting database.

### Is a VAC
False

### Data Level
2.3.3

### HDUS List for release DR20
  - [HDU0: PRIMARY](#hdu0-primary)
  - [HDU1](#hdu1)

---

## Changelog
Describes changes to the datamodel product and/or file structure from one release to another
 - DR20
   - from: DR19
   - note: No changes
 - DR19
   - from: DR18
   - note: No changes

---
## Example HDUS List

### HDU0: PRIMARY
Primary header

#### HDU Type: IMAGE
#### HDU Size:  0 bytes

##### Header Table Caption for HDU0
Key | Value | Comment | |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| SIMPLE | True | conforms to FITS standard |
| BITPIX | 8 | array data type |
| NAXIS | 0 | number of array dimensions |
| EXTEND | True |  |



### HDU1: 
MOS Target Table: targeting_generation

#### HDU Type: BINARY TABLE
#### HDU Size:  290 bytes

##### Header Table Caption for HDU1
Key | Value | Comment | |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| XTENSION | BINTABLE | binary table extension |
| BITPIX | 8 | array data type |
| NAXIS | 2 | number of array dimensions |
| NAXIS1 | 29 | length of dimension 1 |
| NAXIS2 | 10 | length of dimension 2 |
| PCOUNT | 0 | number of group parameters |
| GCOUNT | 1 | number of groups |
| TFIELDS | 3 | number of table fields |
| TNULL1 | -2147483648 |  |

##### Binary Table Caption for HDU1
Name | Type | Unit | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
 | pk | int32 |  | primary key for this table entry |
 | label | char[21] |  | A human-readble name for the targeting_generation |
 | first_release | char[4] |  | The first SDSS data release containing this targeting_generation |



---
## Notes
None

---
## Regrets
I  have no regrets!