# Data Model: mos_target_catalog_from_sdss_dr19p_speclite_parquet


MOS Target Table: catalog_from_sdss_dr19p_speclite


## Contents
- [Basic Information](#basic-information)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Example DATAFRAME List](#example-dataframe-list)
- [Notes](#notes)
- [Regrets](#regrets)
---

## Basic Information
Relational table linking dr20_catalog with dr20_sdss_dr19p_speclite. Although this table has the same columns and purpose of other "catalog_to_X" tables in this schema, it is explicitly named "catalog_from" as it was generated using a bespoke cross-match different from the usual process used for other cross-matched tables in DR20.

### Naming Convention
$MOS_TARGET/[V_TARG]/[FTYPE]/mos_catalog_from_sdss_dr19p_speclite.[FTYPE] with FTYPE='parquet' and V_TARG='2.0.0' for DR20.

### Releases
DR20

### Enviroments
MOS_TARGET

### Approximate Size
49 MB

### File Type
PARQUET

### Generated by Product
sdss5db targeting database.

### Is a VAC
False

### Data Level
2.3.3

### DATAFRAME List for release DR20
- Primary data frame.

---

## Changelog
Describes changes to the datamodel product and/or file structure from one release to another

---
## Example DATAFRAME List

### Columns


#### catalogid

- Column Name: catalogid
- Description: The catalogid identifier in the dr20_catalog table.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int64


#### target_id

- Column Name: target_id
- Description: The primary key identifier in the dr20_sdss_dr19p_speclite table.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int64


#### version_id

- Column Name: version_id
- Description: The internal version for the cross-match.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### distance

- Column Name: distance
- Description: The distance between the catalog and target coordinates if best=F.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Float64


#### best

- Column Name: best
- Description: Whether this is considered the best match between the catalog entry and dr20_sdss_dr19p_speclite.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Boolean


---
## Notes
None

---
## Regrets
I  have no regrets!