# Data Model: mos_target_targeting_generation_to_version_parquet


MOS Target Table: targeting_generation_to_version


## Contents
- [Basic Information](#basic-information)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Example DATAFRAME List](#example-dataframe-list)
- [Notes](#notes)
- [Regrets](#regrets)
---

## Basic Information
Mapping of targeting generations to robostrategy runs.

A 'targeting_generation' describes a collection of versioned cartons, together with their robostrategy control parameters. This is a convenient way to describe the specific set of carton-versions that were used (and the way that they were treated) within any particular run of robostrategy.

The dr20_targeting_generation_to_version table describes a one-to-many relationship, connecting each robostrategy run to one targeting_generation. In general, a single target_generation can be used my more than one robostrategy run.

Taken together, the dr20_targeting_generation, dr20_targeting_generation_to_carton and dr20_targeting_generation_to_version tables duplicate, in a database form, the robostrategy carton configuration information available via the rsconfig product (<a href="https://github.com/sdss/rsconfig)">https://github.com/sdss/rsconfig)</a>.

### Naming Convention
$MOS_TARGET/[V_TARG]/[FTYPE]/mos_targeting_generation_to_version.[FTYPE] with FTYPE='parquet' and V_TARG='2.0.0' for DR20.

### Releases
DR20

### Enviroments
MOS_TARGET

### Approximate Size
1 KB

### File Type
PARQUET

### Generated by Product
sdss5db targeting database.

### Is a VAC
False

### Data Level
2.3.3

### DATAFRAME List for release DR20
- Primary data frame.

---

## Changelog
Describes changes to the datamodel product and/or file structure from one release to another

---
## Example DATAFRAME List

### Columns


#### generation_pk

- Column Name: generation_pk
- Description: primary key of an entry in the dr20_targeting_generation table
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### version_pk

- Column Name: version_pk
- Description: primary key of an entry in the dr20_targetdb_version table, which lists the robostrategy run version ('plan' and 'tag')
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### pk

- Column Name: pk
- Description: primary key for this table entry
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


---
## Notes
None

---
## Regrets
I  have no regrets!