# Data Model: mos_target_targeting_generation_to_carton_parquet


MOS Target Table: targeting_generation_to_carton


## Contents
- [Basic Information](#basic-information)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Example DATAFRAME List](#example-dataframe-list)
- [Notes](#notes)
- [Regrets](#regrets)
---

## Basic Information
Mapping of SDSS-V targeting generations to cartons.

A 'targeting_generation' describes a collection of versioned cartons, together with their robostrategy control parameters. This is a convenient way to describe the specific set of carton-versions that were used (and the way that they were treated) within any particular run of robostrategy.

The dr20_targeting_generation_to_carton table describes a many-to-many relationship, connecting each targeting_generation to a set of entries in the dr20_carton table, as well as recording how those carton-versions were treated in the robostrategy code (i.e. the rs_stage and rs_active parameters).

Taken together, the dr20_targeting_generation, dr20_targeting_generation_to_carton and dr20_targeting_generation_to_version tables duplicate, in a database form, the robostrategy carton configuration information available via the rsconfig product (<a href="https://github.com/sdss/rsconfig)">https://github.com/sdss/rsconfig)</a>.

### Naming Convention
$MOS_TARGET/[V_TARG]/[FTYPE]/mos_targeting_generation_to_carton.[FTYPE] with FTYPE='parquet' and V_TARG='2.0.0' for DR20.

### Releases
DR20

### Enviroments
MOS_TARGET

### Approximate Size
8 KB

### File Type
PARQUET

### Generated by Product
sdss5db targeting database.

### Is a VAC
False

### Data Level
2.3.3

### DATAFRAME List for release DR20
- Primary data frame.

---

## Changelog
Describes changes to the datamodel product and/or file structure from one release to another

---
## Example DATAFRAME List

### Columns


#### pk

- Column Name: pk
- Description: primary key for this table entry
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### generation_pk

- Column Name: generation_pk
- Description: primary key of an entry in the dr20_targeting_generation table
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### carton_pk

- Column Name: carton_pk
- Description: primary key of an entry in the dr20_carton table, i.e. a carton-version
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### rs_stage

- Column Name: rs_stage
- Description: the algorithimic stage of robostrategy in which targets from this carton-version are considered for assignment. Options: 'none', 'plates', 'srd', 'filler', or 'open'. See the robostrategy documentation for further information.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: String


#### rs_active

- Column Name: rs_active
- Description: a Boolean column describing whether the carton-version is considered within robostrategy
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Boolean


---
## Notes
None

---
## Regrets
I  have no regrets!