# Data Model: mos_target_targeting_generation_parquet


MOS Target Table: targeting_generation


## Contents
- [Basic Information](#basic-information)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Example DATAFRAME List](#example-dataframe-list)
- [Notes](#notes)
- [Regrets](#regrets)
---

## Basic Information
List of SDSS-V targeting generations.

A 'targeting_generation' describes a collection of versioned cartons, together with their robostrategy control parameters. This is a convenient way to describe the specific set of carton-versions that were used (and the way that they were treated) within any particular run of robostrategy.

The dr20_targeting_generation table contains all targeting_generations that were considered for observations in the timespan covered by the dr20 data release. In addition, we include the 'v0.5.3' targeting_generation since this was the version released as part of dr20.

During the initial plate operations phase of SDSS-V, we did not use the robostrategy code to assign fibers to targets. However, for completeness, the 'v0.plates' pseudo-targeting_generation has been reverse engineered in order to describe the set of carton-versions that were considered during that phase.

The dr20_targeting_generation table can be joined to the dr20_carton table via the dr20_targeting_generation_to_carton table. To associate a targeting_generation with a robostrategy plan, join dr20_targeting_generation to dr20_targetdb_version via the dr20_targeting_generation_to_version table.

Taken together, the dr20_targeting_generation, dr20_targeting_generation_to_carton and dr20_targeting_generation_to_version tables duplicate, in a database form, the robostrategy carton configuration information available via the rsconfig product (<a href="https://github.com/sdss/rsconfig)">https://github.com/sdss/rsconfig)</a>.

### Naming Convention
$MOS_TARGET/[V_TARG]/[FTYPE]/mos_targeting_generation.[FTYPE] with FTYPE='parquet' and V_TARG='2.0.0' for DR20.

### Releases
DR20

### Enviroments
MOS_TARGET

### Approximate Size
1 KB

### File Type
PARQUET

### Generated by Product
sdss5db targeting database.

### Is a VAC
False

### Data Level
2.3.3

### DATAFRAME List for release DR20
- Primary data frame.

---

## Changelog
Describes changes to the datamodel product and/or file structure from one release to another

---
## Example DATAFRAME List

### Columns


#### pk

- Column Name: pk
- Description: primary key for this table entry
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### label

- Column Name: label
- Description: A human-readble name for the targeting_generation
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: String


#### first_release

- Column Name: first_release
- Description: The first SDSS data release containing this targeting_generation
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: String


---
## Notes
None

---
## Regrets
I  have no regrets!