# Data Model: mos_target_catalog_parquet


MOS Target Table: catalog


## Contents
- [Basic Information](#basic-information)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Example DATAFRAME List](#example-dataframe-list)
- [Notes](#notes)
- [Regrets](#regrets)
---

## Basic Information
The results of the cross-match used for DR20 targeting. Entries in this table are expected to be unique physical objects drawn from one or more parent catalogues. The dr20_catalog_to_ tables provide the relationships to their parent catalogue counterparts.

### Naming Convention
$MOS_TARGET/[V_TARG]/[FTYPE]/mos_catalog.[FTYPE] with FTYPE='parquet' and V_TARG='2.0.0' for DR20.

### Releases
DR20

### Enviroments
MOS_TARGET

### Approximate Size
5 GB

### File Type
PARQUET

### Generated by Product
sdss5db targeting database.

### Is a VAC
False

### Data Level
2.3.3

### DATAFRAME List for release DR20
- Primary data frame.

---

## Changelog
Describes changes to the datamodel product and/or file structure from one release to another

---
## Example DATAFRAME List

### Columns


#### catalogid

- Column Name: catalogid
- Description: The SDSS identifier for a unique object in this cross-match run.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int64


#### iauname

- Column Name: iauname
- Description: The IAU-style name. Not used.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: String


#### ra

- Column Name: ra
- Description: The right ascension of the target in ICRS coordinates for J2015.5. Taken from the lead parent catalogue
- Unit: degrees
- Data Type: Float64


#### dec

- Column Name: dec
- Description: The declination of the target in ICRS coordinates for J2015.5. Taken from the lead parent catalogue
- Unit: degrees
- Data Type: Float64


#### pmra

- Column Name: pmra
- Description: The proper motion of the target in right ascension. Taken from the lead parent catalogue. This is a true angle (i.e., the cos(dec) factor has been applied)
- Unit: mas/yr
- Data Type: Float32


#### pmdec

- Column Name: pmdec
- Description: The proper motion of the target in declination. Taken from the lead parent catalogue
- Unit: mas/yr
- Data Type: Float32


#### parallax

- Column Name: parallax
- Description: The parallax of the target. Taken from the lead parent catalogue
- Unit: arcsec
- Data Type: Float32


#### lead

- Column Name: lead
- Description: The name of the parent catalogue from which this target was selected and whose data was used to determine its astrometric position.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: String


#### version_id

- Column Name: version_id
- Description: The internal version for the cross-match.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


---
## Notes
None

---
## Regrets
I  have no regrets!