# Data Model: mos_target_sdss_id_flat_parquet


MOS Target Table: sdss_id_flat


## Contents
- [Basic Information](#basic-information)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Example DATAFRAME List](#example-dataframe-list)
- [Notes](#notes)
- [Regrets](#regrets)
---

## Basic Information
This table includes associations between sdss_id identifiers and the best matched catalogid for each catalogue cross-match.

Unlike dr20_sdss_id_stacked, this table contains multiple rows per sdss_id, one for each cross-match association. When multiple sdss_ids are associated with the same catalogid, the one with the lowest rank (rank=1) should be preferred.

Note: The sdss_id match was extended internally for a more recent crossmatch not yet part of the publicly released data. As such, the ra/dec_sdss_id columns may differ from the catalogid coordinates.

### Naming Convention
$MOS_TARGET/[V_TARG]/[FTYPE]/mos_sdss_id_flat.[FTYPE] with FTYPE='parquet' and V_TARG='2.0.0' for DR20.

### Releases
DR20

### Enviroments
MOS_TARGET

### Approximate Size
8 GB

### File Type
PARQUET

### Generated by Product
sdss5db targeting database.

### Is a VAC
False

### Data Level
2.3.3

### DATAFRAME List for release DR20
- Primary data frame.

---

## Changelog
Describes changes to the datamodel product and/or file structure from one release to another

---
## Example DATAFRAME List

### Columns


#### sdss_id

- Column Name: sdss_id
- Description: The SDSS identifier for a unique object.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int64


#### catalogid

- Column Name: catalogid
- Description: The associated catalogid for this target.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int64


#### version_id

- Column Name: version_id
- Description: The version of the cross-match associated with the catalogid.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int16


#### ra_sdss_id

- Column Name: ra_sdss_id
- Description: The right ascension of the target in ICRS J2015.5 coordinates (taken from the highest version catalogid in dr20_sdss_id_stacked).
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Float64


#### dec_sdss_id

- Column Name: dec_sdss_id
- Description: The declination of the target in ICRS J2015.5 coordinates (taken from the highest version catalogid in dr20_sdss_id_stacked).
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Float64


#### n_associated

- Column Name: n_associated
- Description: The number of sdss_ids associated with this catalogid.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int16


#### ra_catalogid

- Column Name: ra_catalogid
- Description: The right ascension of this row's catalogid from the dr20_catalog table.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Float64


#### dec_catalogid

- Column Name: dec_catalogid
- Description: The declination of this row's catalogid from the dr20_catalog table.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Float64


#### pk

- Column Name: pk
- Description: The primary key. A sequential identifier for this table.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int64


#### rank

- Column Name: rank
- Description: The rank of the sdss_id to catalogid association. When multiple sdss_ids are associated with the same catalogid, the one with the lowest rank (rank=1) should be preferred.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


---
## Notes
None

---
## Regrets
I  have no regrets!