# Data Model: mos_target_carton_parquet


MOS Target Table: carton


## Contents
- [Basic Information](#basic-information)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Example DATAFRAME List](#example-dataframe-list)
- [Notes](#notes)
- [Regrets](#regrets)
---

## Basic Information
The table contains the list of cartons along with the target selection plan that generated them.

### Naming Convention
$MOS_TARGET/[V_TARG]/[FTYPE]/mos_carton.[FTYPE] with FTYPE='parquet' and V_TARG='2.0.0' for DR20.

### Releases
DR20

### Enviroments
MOS_TARGET

### Approximate Size
8 KB

### File Type
PARQUET

### Generated by Product
sdss5db targeting database.

### Is a VAC
False

### Data Level
2.3.3

### DATAFRAME List for release DR20
- Primary data frame.

---

## Changelog
Describes changes to the datamodel product and/or file structure from one release to another

---
## Example DATAFRAME List

### Columns


#### carton

- Column Name: carton
- Description: The name of the carton.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: String


#### carton_pk

- Column Name: carton_pk
- Description: The primary key. A sequential identifier.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### mapper_pk

- Column Name: mapper_pk
- Description: The primary key of the mapper leading this carton. See ddr20_mapper.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### category_pk

- Column Name: category_pk
- Description: The primary key of the category in the ddr20_category table.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### version_pk

- Column Name: version_pk
- Description: The primary key of the version in the ddr20_version table.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### program

- Column Name: program
- Description: The program name.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: String


#### target_selection_plan

- Column Name: target_selection_plan
- Description: The target selection plan version for which this carton was run.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: String


---
## Notes
None

---
## Regrets
I  have no regrets!