# Data Model: mos_target_assignment_parquet


MOS Target Table: assignment


## Contents
- [Basic Information](#basic-information)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Example DATAFRAME List](#example-dataframe-list)
- [Notes](#notes)
- [Regrets](#regrets)
---

## Basic Information
This table stores the assignment of a given target in a carton to a fiber of a given instrument. A collection of assignments are included within a design, which is one configuration of the robots for an exposure.

### Naming Convention
$MOS_TARGET/[V_TARG]/[FTYPE]/mos_assignment.[FTYPE] with FTYPE='parquet' and V_TARG='2.0.0' for DR20.

### Releases
DR20

### Enviroments
MOS_TARGET

### Approximate Size
1 GB

### File Type
PARQUET

### Generated by Product
sdss5db targeting database.

### Is a VAC
False

### Data Level
2.3.3

### DATAFRAME List for release DR20
- Primary data frame.

---

## Changelog
Describes changes to the datamodel product and/or file structure from one release to another

---
## Example DATAFRAME List

### Columns


#### pk

- Column Name: pk
- Description: The primary key. A sequential identifier.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### carton_to_target_pk

- Column Name: carton_to_target_pk
- Description: The primary key of the carton_to_target in the dr20_carton_to_target table.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int64


#### hole_pk

- Column Name: hole_pk
- Description: The primary key of the hole in the dr20_hole table.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### instrument_pk

- Column Name: instrument_pk
- Description: The primary key of the instrument in the dr20_instrument table.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### design_id

- Column Name: design_id
- Description: The primary key of the design in the dr20_design table.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


---
## Notes
None

---
## Regrets
I  have no regrets!