# Data Model: mos_target_design_to_field_parquet


MOS Target Table: design_to_field


## Contents
- [Basic Information](#basic-information)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Example DATAFRAME List](#example-dataframe-list)
- [Notes](#notes)
- [Regrets](#regrets)
---

## Basic Information
Connects a design to a given field within a version of the survey. Sets the placement of the design in the overall exposure sequence for that field.

### Naming Convention
$MOS_TARGET/[V_TARG]/[FTYPE]/mos_design_to_field.[FTYPE] with FTYPE='parquet' and V_TARG='2.0.0' for DR20.

### Releases
DR20

### Enviroments
MOS_TARGET

### Approximate Size
5 MB

### File Type
PARQUET

### Generated by Product
sdss5db targeting database.

### Is a VAC
False

### Data Level
2.3.3

### DATAFRAME List for release DR20
- Primary data frame.

---

## Changelog
Describes changes to the datamodel product and/or file structure from one release to another

---
## Example DATAFRAME List

### Columns


#### pk

- Column Name: pk
- Description: The primary key. A sequential identifier.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### design_id

- Column Name: design_id
- Description: The primary key of the design in the dr20_design table.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### field_pk

- Column Name: field_pk
- Description: The primary key of the field in the dr20_field table.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### exposure

- Column Name: exposure
- Description: The 0-indexed exposure number in the lunation sequence for the field.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int64


#### field_exposure

- Column Name: field_exposure
- Description: The 0-indexed overall exposure number in the sequence for the field.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int64


---
## Notes
None

---
## Regrets
I  have no regrets!