# Data Model: mos_target_design_parquet


MOS Target Table: design


## Contents
- [Basic Information](#basic-information)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Example DATAFRAME List](#example-dataframe-list)
- [Notes](#notes)
- [Regrets](#regrets)
---

## Basic Information
This table stores the meta-data for the design, including its Design Mode and versioning information.

### Naming Convention
$MOS_TARGET/[V_TARG]/[FTYPE]/mos_design.[FTYPE] with FTYPE='parquet' and V_TARG='2.0.0' for DR20.

### Releases
DR20

### Enviroments
MOS_TARGET

### Approximate Size
10 MB

### File Type
PARQUET

### Generated by Product
sdss5db targeting database.

### Is a VAC
False

### Data Level
2.3.3

### DATAFRAME List for release DR20
- Primary data frame.

---

## Changelog
Describes changes to the datamodel product and/or file structure from one release to another

---
## Example DATAFRAME List

### Columns


#### design_id

- Column Name: design_id
- Description: The primary key. A sequential identifier.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


#### design_mode_label

- Column Name: design_mode_label
- Description: The primary key of the design_mode in the dr20_design_mode table.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: String


#### mugatu_version

- Column Name: mugatu_version
- Description: Software version of mugatu used to validate and ingest design.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: String


#### run_on

- Column Name: run_on
- Description: Date that design was added to database.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Date


#### assignment_hash

- Column Name: assignment_hash
- Description: Hash of the assignments in the design.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Extension('arrow.opaque', Binary, '{"type_name": "uuid", "vendor_name": "PostgreSQL"}')


#### design_version_pk

- Column Name: design_version_pk
- Description: The primary key of the version in the dr20_version table.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int32


---
## Notes
None

---
## Regrets
I  have no regrets!