# Data Model: mos_target_galex_gr7_gaia_dr3_parquet


MOS Target Table: galex_gr7_gaia_dr3


## Contents
- [Basic Information](#basic-information)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Example DATAFRAME List](#example-dataframe-list)
- [Notes](#notes)
- [Regrets](#regrets)
---

## Basic Information
Cross-match between the Gaia DR3 catalogue and the GALEX General Release 7 catalogue. For more details about the GALEX columns refer to <a href="https://archive.stsci.edu/prepds/gcat/gcat_dataproducts.html">https://archive.stsci.edu/prepds/gcat/gcat_dataproducts.html</a>.

### Naming Convention
$MOS_TARGET/[V_TARG]/[FTYPE]/mos_galex_gr7_gaia_dr3.[FTYPE] with FTYPE='parquet' and V_TARG='2.0.0' for DR20.

### Releases
DR20

### Enviroments
MOS_TARGET

### Approximate Size
418 MB

### File Type
PARQUET

### Generated by Product
sdss5db targeting database.

### Is a VAC
False

### Data Level
2.3.3

### DATAFRAME List for release DR20
- Primary data frame.

---

## Changelog
Describes changes to the datamodel product and/or file structure from one release to another

---
## Example DATAFRAME List

### Columns


#### gaia_edr3_source_id

- Column Name: gaia_edr3_source_id
- Description: Gaia DR3 source identifier. Matches the source_id column in the dr20_gaia_dr3_source table.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int64


#### galex_objid

- Column Name: galex_objid
- Description: This is the 64-bit integer version of the global object ID uniquely identifying this source including the tile number, band, product number, and other parameters, in the Gaia General Release 7 catalogue.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int64


#### fuv_mag

- Column Name: fuv_mag
- Description: Calibrated FUV magnitude on the AB system measured within the NUV-defined "AUTO" aperture. Sources with either a negative FLUX_FUV or without FUV observations will be flagged with values of either +99 or -99.
- Unit: AB mag
- Data Type: Float64


#### fuv_magerr

- Column Name: fuv_magerr
- Description: The error in MAG_FUV. Sources with either a negative flux or without FUV observations will be flagged with values of either +99 or -99.
- Unit: AB mag
- Data Type: Float64


#### nuv_mag

- Column Name: nuv_mag
- Description: Calibrated NUV magnitude on the AB system. This is currently always set to the SExtractor "AUTO" magnitude.
- Unit: AB mag
- Data Type: Float64


#### nuv_magerr

- Column Name: nuv_magerr
- Description: The error in nuv_mag.
- Unit: AB mag
- Data Type: Float64


#### galex_separation

- Column Name: galex_separation
- Description: Separation between the Gaia DR3 source and the GALEX GR7 source.
- Unit: arcsec
- Data Type: Float64


#### pk

- Column Name: pk
- Description: Unique identifier for each row in the table.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int64


---
## Notes
None

---
## Regrets
I  have no regrets!