# Data Model: mos_target_sdss_id_stacked_parquet


MOS Target Table: sdss_id_stacked


## Contents
- [Basic Information](#basic-information)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Example DATAFRAME List](#example-dataframe-list)
- [Notes](#notes)
- [Regrets](#regrets)
---

## Basic Information
This table includes associations between sdss_id identifiers and the matched catalogids for each catalogue cross-match.

The table contains one row per sdss_id with columns for each catalogid version. However, catalogids may be associated with multiple sdss_id. dr20_sdss_id_flat is a pivoted/flattened version of this table and contains information about the preferred sdss_id for a catalogid.

Note: The sdss_id match was extended internally for a more recent crossmatch not yet part of the publicly released data. As such, the ra/dec_sdss_id columns may differ from the catalogid coordinates.

### Naming Convention
$MOS_TARGET/[V_TARG]/[FTYPE]/mos_sdss_id_stacked.[FTYPE] with FTYPE='parquet' and V_TARG='2.0.0' for DR20.

### Releases
DR20

### Enviroments
MOS_TARGET

### Approximate Size
2 GB

### File Type
PARQUET

### Generated by Product
sdss5db targeting database.

### Is a VAC
False

### Data Level
2.3.3

### DATAFRAME List for release DR20
- Primary data frame.

---

## Changelog
Describes changes to the datamodel product and/or file structure from one release to another

---
## Example DATAFRAME List

### Columns


#### catalogid21

- Column Name: catalogid21
- Description: The catalogid for the best matched object in the v0.1 cross-match (pk=21).
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int64


#### catalogid25

- Column Name: catalogid25
- Description: The catalogid for the best matched object in the v0.5 cross-match (pk=25).
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int64


#### catalogid31

- Column Name: catalogid31
- Description: The catalogid for the best matched object in the v1 cross-match (pk=31).
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int64


#### ra_sdss_id

- Column Name: ra_sdss_id
- Description: The right ascension of the target in ICRS J2015.5 coordinates (taken from the highest version catalogid).
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Float64


#### dec_sdss_id

- Column Name: dec_sdss_id
- Description: The declination of the target in ICRS J2015.5 coordinates (taken from the highest version catalogid).
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Float64


#### sdss_id

- Column Name: sdss_id
- Description: The SDSS identifier for a unique object.
- Unit: N/A
- Data Type: Int64


---
## Notes
None

---
## Regrets
I  have no regrets!