# Data Model: plPlugMapM


Plug Plate Fiber to Object Mapping for Mapped Plates


## Contents
- [Basic Information](#basic-information)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Example PAR List](#example-par-list)
- [Notes](#notes)
- [Regrets](#regrets)
---

## Basic Information
Plug Plate Fiber to Object Mapping for Mapped Plates

### Naming Convention
$SPECLOG_DIR/[MJD]/plPlugMapM-[PLATEID5]-[FSMJD]-[FSCANID2].par

### Releases
IPL4, DR20

### Enviroments
SPECLOG_DIR

### Approximate Size
140 KB

### File Type
PAR

### Generated by Product
platedesign

### Is a VAC
False

### Data Level
0.3.0

### PAR List for release DR20

---

## Changelog
Describes changes to the datamodel product and/or file structure from one release to another
 - DR20
   - from: IPL4
   - delta_nkeys: 111
   - removed_header_keys: ['instruments', 'plateinput4', 'idlutilsVersion', 'priority', 'mjdDesign', 'design_platescale_az', 'design_parallactic_angle', 'maxskyinblockboss_shared', 'plateinput19', 'minskyinblockboss_shared', 'platerun', 'platedesign_version', 'haMin', 'guidetype', 'buffersizeapogee_shared', 'ha_observable_min', 'napogee_shared_sky', 'reddeningMed', 'buffersizeboss_shared', 'design_platescale_alt', 'motorId3', 'completeTileVersion', 'guider_coeff_6', 'ferrulesizeboss_shared', 'plateId', 'platetype', 'plateinput7', 'guider_coeff_5', 'fscanVersion', 'nguidemax', 'nboss_shared_sky', 'guidemag_minmax', 'plateinput6', 'ferrulesizeguide', 'guider_coeff_7', 'ninputs', 'temp', 'plateinput9', 'fscanRows', 'relaxed_fiber_classes', 'napogee_shared_standard', 'buffersizeguide', 'pointing_name', 'targettypes', 'pluggers', 'fscanFile', 'EVILSCAN', 'bossmagtype', 'guider_coeff_1', 'plateinput17', 'platedesignstandards', 'plateinput2', 'fscanCols', 'fscanSpeed', 'guider_coeff_9', 'fscanMJD', 'pointing', 'raCen', 'fscanMode', 'defaultsurveymode', 'plugmapstyle', 'plateinput12', 'guider_coeff_8', 'plateinput16', 'plateinput3', 'locationId', 'ha_observable_max', 'fscanBias', 'motorId2', 'mag_quality', 'guider_coeff_2', 'nboss_shared_science', 'designid', 'cartridgeId', 'guider_coeff_4', 'fscanId', 'plateinput15', 'standardtype', 'skytype', 'fmapVersion', 'collectfactor', 'haMax', 'tileId', 'guider_coeff_3', 'npointings', 'skyinput18', 'programname', 'plateinput11', 'plateinput8', 'nboss_shared_standard', 'napogee_shared_science', 'theta', 'plateinput13', 'plateinput5', 'guide_lambda_eff', 'plateinput10', 'guidenums1', 'max_off_fiber_for_ha', 'gfibertype', 'noffsets', 'fscanDate', 'platedesignskies', 'idlVersion', 'ha', 'guider_coeff_0', 'decCen', 'motorId1', 'platedesignversion', 'plateinput1', 'ferrulesizeapogee_shared', 'plateinput14']
   - delta_ntables: 1
   - removed_tables: ['PLUGMAPOBJ']

---
## Example PAR List


### Tables


---
## Notes
General description: This file is a stripped version of the plateHolesSorted file, transformed to an ancient format for the purposes of plate mapping and other onsite operational things. If there are multiple pointings in a plate, there are multiple plPlugMap files (with pointings subsequent to the first labeled "B", "C", etc).
Note that there can be single-pointing plates with the plPlugMapP file labeled "B", since for MARVELS "A" and "B" specify the appropriate gang connector to use for each pointing. For this reason, the pointing_name keyword exists, to specify the mapping between pointing number and name. E.g., the default "A B C D E F" tells you that pointing 1 is A, pointing 2 is B, etc. Single-pointing MARVELS B-side plates have pointing_name set to "B C D E F".
The fiberID and guide fiber number ranges have changed over time and differ for different instruments. For the SDSS spectrograph, the fiberID range was 1-640. For the MARVELS spectograph it was 1-120. For the BOSS spectrograph it is 1-1000. For the APOGEE spectrograph it is 1-300. For the MaNGA instrument the fiberID range is 1-1423. Prior to roughly 2009 there were 11 guide fibers; now there are 16 guide fibers.
Naming convention: plPlugMapP-YYYYQ.par for a plate with YYYY the plate id, and plPlugMapM-YYYY-ZZZZZ-AAQ.par for a plate with YYYY the plate id, ZZZZZ the MJD of the mapper run (keyword fscanMJD), AA a unique integer over this mapper run for the plate (keyword fscanId), and Q the pointing identifier (A, B, C, ...) for plates with multiple pointings (it is absent for plates with a single pointing, which is most plates).

---
## Regrets
I  have no regrets!