# Data Model: rsFieldSlots


Needed and available slots for field-cadence combination.


## Contents
- [Basic Information](#basic-information)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Example HDUS List](#example-hdus-list)

---

## Basic Information
For every field-cadence combination in rsOptions, this file has whether each LST and sky brightness slot is available for the field, and what number of exposures is needed total for the cadence. LST is broken up into 24 hour-long slots, covering 0-1h, 1-2h, etc. Sky brightness is broken up into dark and bright in that order, based on a maximum illumination of 0.35 for dark time. The LST allowed depends on the airmass; the airmass must be less than 1.4 or less than the minimum possible airmass for the field plus 0.2. Note that this criterion does not account for the detailed obsmode information for each exposure. The file is created by the robostrategy script rs_field_slots. The information is used in rs_allocate when the cadence choices are made.

### Naming Convention
$ROBOSTRATEGY_DATA/allocations/[PLAN]/rsFieldSlots-[PLAN]-[OBSERVATORY].fits

### Releases
WORK

### Enviroments
ROBOSTRATEGY_DATA

### Approximate Size
221 MB

### File Type
FITS

### Generated by Product
robostrategy

### HDUS List for release WORK
  - [HDU0: PRIMARY](#hdu0-primary)
  - [HDU1: ](#hdu1-)

---

## Changelog
Describes changes to the datamodel product and/or file structure from one release to another

---
## Example HDUS List

### HDU0: PRIMARY
Primary header

#### HDU Type: IMAGE
#### HDU Size:  0 bytes

##### Header Table Caption for HDU0
Key | Value | Comment | |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| SIMPLE | True | file does conform to FITS standard |
| BITPIX | 16 | number of bits per data pixel |
| NAXIS | 0 | number of data axes |
| EXTEND | True | FITS dataset may contain extensions |
| COMMENT |   FITS (Flexible Image Transport System) format is defined in 'Astronomy |  |
| COMMENT |   and Astrophysics', volume 376, page 359; bibcode: 2001A&A...376..359H |  |



### HDU1: 
Needed and available slots for field-cadence combination.

#### HDU Type: BINARY TABLE
#### HDU Size:  221 MB

##### Binary Table Caption for HDU1
Name | Type | Unit | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
 | FIELDID | int32 |  | Field identifier |
 | CADENCE | char[30] |  | Name of cadence |
 | RACEN | float64 | deg | RA Center (J2000) |
 | DECCEN | float64 | deg | Dec Center (J2000) |
 | NEEDED | int32 |  | Number of exposures needed for this cadence |
 | NEEDED_SB | int32[2] |  | Number of exposures needed for this cadence of each sky brightness type (in dark, bright order) |
 | SLOTS | int32[24, 2] |  | 0 or 1 for whether the LST and skybrightness slot can be used for this field-cadence, based on sky brightness and airmass requirements. |


